As a publisher, I want to sign up for an account, so that that I can publish my data packages under.
As an admin, I want to invite someone to join the site, so that that they can start contributing or using data.
As a publisher, I want to import my data package into my account, so that my data has a permanent online home to access.
As a publisher, I want to publish a data package, so that I can share the data package publicly with everyone.
As a publisher, I want to unpublish a data package, so that it is no longer visible to anyone.
As a publisher, I want to permanently delete a data package, so that that it no longer takes up storage space.
As a publisher, I want to validate the data I am about to publish, so that that I publish good data.
As a publisher, I want to publish a data package, so that I can share it with a few people.
As a publisher, I want to tag data package, so that that consumers can find and refer to it.
As a publisher, I want to see real examples of published packages so that I can understand how useful and simple the data package is.
As a consumer, I want to search data packages, so that that I can find the ones that fit my needs.
As a consumer, I want to view a data package online, so that I can get a sense of whether this is the data package I want.
As a consumer, I want to download the data package in one file, so that that I don't have to download descriptor and each resource by hand.
As a consumer, I want to view the data package that I have downloaded before, so that that I can decide if I should update or not.
As a consumer, I want to know that the data I am downloading is good and can be relied on, so that I don't have to check it myself or run into annoying bugs later on.
As a publisher, I want to know if this site has a pricing plan and what the prices are, so I can choose the most fitted one.
As a publisher, I want to sign up for a given pricing plan, so that that I am entitled to what it allows.
As an admin, I want to set key configuration parameters for my site deployment.
As an admin, I want to see key metrics about usage such as users, API usage, downloads, so that I know how things are going.
As an admin, I want to have a pricing plan and a billing system, so that that I can charge its users.
As a publisher, I want to invite users to my account.
As a publisher, I want to invite someone using their email, so that that they are authorized to publish data packages under my Publisher.
As a publisher, I want to remove someone from membership in my publisher, so that they no longer have ability to publish or modify my data packages.
As a consumer, I want to see a publisher's profile, so that that I can discover their packages and get a sense of how active and good they are.
