As a moderator, I want to create a new game by entering a name and an optional description, so that I can start inviting estimators.
As a moderator, I want to invite estimators, so that we can start the game.
As a moderator, I want to invite up to 15 estimators, so that we can play with large but not immense number of estimators.
As a moderator, I want to select whether to have the estimators estimate with {0, 1/2, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, etc.} or {0, 1, 2, 4, 8, 16, 32, etc.} policies.
As a moderator, I want to start a round by entering an item, so that we can estimate it.
As a moderator, I want to see all items we try to estimate this round, so I can examine them.
As a moderator, I want to select an item to be estimated or re-estimated, so that the estimators see that item and can estimate it.
As a moderator, I want to add an item to the list of items to be estimated, so that so that we can be flexible and accommodate situations where we think of additional properties.
As a moderator, I want to edit an item in the list of items to be estimated, so that I can make it better reflect the estimator's understanding of the item.
As a moderator, I want to delete an item from the list of items to be estimated, so that we can remove irrelevant items.
As a moderator, I want to show all estimates immediately, so that I can decide if and when to show the estimates.
As a moderator, I want to accept the average of all estimates, so that we can move on to the next item when we agree.
As a moderator, I want to have the "estimate" field filled in automatically if all estimators show the same card, so that I can accept it more quickly.
As a moderator, I want to enter the agreed-upon estimate, so that we can move on to the next item when we agree.
As an estimator, I want to see the item we are estimating, so that I know what I am giving an estimate for.
As an estimator, I want to see all items we will try to estimate this round, so that I have a feel for the sizes of the various items.
As an estimator, I want to immediately see that an estimate has been given by a specific estimator, so that I know who has already given an estimate and who we are still waiting for.
As an estimator, I want to be shown all estimates at the same time after all estimators have given their estimate, so that I can be sure estimates are independent and not influenced by other estimates given in the same draw.
As an estimator, I want to be able to change my estimate up until the last estimator places the estimation and all are shown, so that I can change my mind based on information I hear.
As an estimator, I want to see who gave what estimates during the current round, so that I know this when we are discussing the estimates.
As an estimator, I want to be able start a two-minute countdown timer that all participants can see, so that I can limit the time spent discussing the estimates.
